Update interpreter_discovery for changes made in ansible-core 2.17 (#2438)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/reference_appendices/interpreter_discovery.rst

Interpreter Discovery
=====================

Note: the behavior of this option changed in ansible-core 2.17. Consult the

> previous documentation if you are using ansible-core < 2.17.

Reviewer: This note seems a little intrusive and unnecessary to me. Documentation changes with each release and version details are added to the changelog.

A better way to phrase this would be "consult the version of the documentation that corresponds to the version of Ansible that you're using" but that sounds too obvious.

Author: Just wanted to be friendly to the readers. But I agree you should read the version of the documentation of the version you are using.

I will remove it, but we should back-port these documentation changes to 2.17 and 2.18 I think.

Most Ansible modules that execute under a POSIX environment require a Python
interpreter on the target host. Unless configured otherwise, Ansible will
attempt to discover a suitable Python interpreter on each target host the first

> time a Python module is executed for that host.

Reviewer: Can you revert this change? Did an IDE automatically impose a max line length here or something?

Author: I did it manually. It seems the document has somewhat of a 80-chars limit, so I thought I'd just fix it as well. Especially [this line](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/blob/eade223e4464b9f72902f79d8f9da3bf3b78b57d/docs/docsite/rst/reference_appendices/interpreter_discovery.rst?plain=1#L21) seems way out of line.

I will revert it back.

> Use one of the following values:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure a path to a specific Python interpreter, or one of the following values:
```

> auto (default) :
>   Searches the list (i.e. ``interpreter_python_fallback``) of common Python
>   interpreter paths and uses the first one found. Also issues a warning that
>   future installation of another Python interpreter could alter the one chosen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
auto (default) :
  Searches the configurable list of common Python interpreter paths
  (see :ref:`INTERPRETER_PYTHON_FALLBACK`) and issues a warning that
  future installation of another Python interpreter could alter the one chosen.
```

auto_legacy :
  Deprecated alias for ``auto``.

auto_silent :
  Same as ``auto``, but does not issue warnings.

auto_legacy_silent :
  Deprecated alias for ``auto_silent``.

> ``/path/to/python`` :
>   Use the specified path to Python.

Reviewer 2: Rather than adding a placeholder path here, this could be described before the list of values with special meaning.

```suggestion
```
